add networking examples using fleet resource placement (#3219)
Azure/AKS: examples/fleet/kuard/README.md

# Example: Exporting service using Fleet resource placement

> This directory contains the instructions on how to export services using Fleet resource placement and setup Layer 4 load balancing across workloads deployed across fleet member clusters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This directory contains step-by-step instructions and example YAML files to expose a workload deployed in multiple clusters through a Layer 4 load balancer using Azure fleet management's Kubernetes native interface.

```

> The application is using [kuard](https://github.com/kubernetes-up-and-running/kuard) as the service to demonstrate the responding cluster/pod.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This quick start is using [kuard](https://github.com/kubernetes-up-and-running/kuard) as an exemplary service to demonstrate the typical user experience flow.

```

## Before you begin
* Install [kubectl](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/tools/).
* Create a fleet with three members: `aks-member-1`, `aks-member-2`, and `aks-member-3` using [Azure CNI networking](https://review.learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/aks/configure-azure-cni).

> * Member clusters reside on the same virtual network, or [peered virtual networks](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/virtual-network/virtual-network-peering-overview) such that pods from different clusters can communicate directly with each other using pod IPs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Member clusters MUST reside either in the same virtual network or [peered](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/virtual-network/virtual-network-peering-overview)  virtual networks such that pods from different clusters can communicate directly with each other using pod IPs.

```

> * Configure kubectl to communicate with your hub cluster.

Reviewer: is there a link to how to do this or we assumed that users have done that.

Reviewer: it will be good to name the `kubeconfig` file as `hub` so we can use it below

Author: we don't have the public doc yet, added command in the doc

> * Get `kubeconfig` files for member clusters as `member1`, `member2`, and `member3`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Download`kubeconfig` files for member clusters as `member1`, `member2`, and `member3` respectively.

```

## Objectives
* Deploy a Kuard demo application with an internal load balancer service and export the service in the hub cluster.

> * Place the resources (deployment, service, service export) to member clusters.

Reviewer: is this an objective?

Author: updated the object

* Expose fleet-wide endpoints from exported services with a multi-cluster service.

## Steps

### 1. Deploy to the Hub Cluster

1. Switch to the hub cluster context to create namespace:

   ```shell

>    kubectl create namespace kuard-demo

Reviewer: KUBECONFIG=hub 
```suggestion
KUBECONFIG=hub  kubectl create namespace kuard-demo

```

   ```

> 2. Deploy a Kuard demo application with an internal load balancer service and export the service.

Reviewer: does it have to have this annotation

service.beta.kubernetes.io/azure-load-balancer-internal: "true"

Author: the typical workflow is to expose the internal service and the service is behind the internal load balancer. Thus, the annotation is required and examples/fleet/kuard/kuard-export-service.yaml has already had this annotation.

   
   ```shell
   kubectl get all -n kuard-demo
   ```

   The output is similar to:

   ```console
   NAME            TYPE           CLUSTER-IP   EXTERNAL-IP   PORT(S)          AGE
   service/kuard   LoadBalancer   10.0.72.28   <pending>     8080:32629/TCP   23s

   NAME                    READY   UP-TO-DATE   AVAILABLE   AGE
   deployment.apps/kuard   0/2     0            0           25s
   ```
   Note that the deployment does not result in any pod created on the hub cluster (`READY: 0/2`) and the service doesn't have an external IP (`EXTERNAL-IP: <pending>`).
   This is working as expected as the objective is to deploy the application to member clusters not the hub cluster.

4. Verify the service export is created but not running:
    ```shell
   kubectl get serviceexport -n kuard-demo
   ```

   The output is similar to:

   ```console
   NAME    IS-VALID   IS-CONFLICTED   AGE
   kuard                              2m53s
   ```
   Note that the `IS-VALID` and `IS-CONFLICTED` is empty. 
   This is working as expected as the objective is to deploy the service export to member clusters not the hub cluster.

### 2. Place to Member Clusters

> 1. Place to all the member clusters

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Place the application to all the member clusters through a ClusterResourcePlacement CR

```

3. Switch to the member clusters to verify the resource has been created:

   ```shell
   KUBECONFIG=member1 kubectl get all -n kuard-demo
   KUBECONFIG=member2 kubectl get all -n kuard-demo
   KUBECONFIG=member3 kubectl get all -n kuard-demo
   ```

   The output is similar to:

   ```console
   NAME                        READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE                  
   pod/kuard-7788d9bc5-bp8qw   1/1     Running   0          13m                  
   pod/kuard-7788d9bc5-tp54d   1/1     Running   0          13m

   NAME            TYPE           CLUSTER-IP   EXTERNAL-IP   PORT(S)          AGE
   service/kuard   LoadBalancer   10.0.188.8   10.2.0.62     8080:32629/TCP   13m

   NAME                    READY   UP-TO-DATE   AVAILABLE   AGE                  
   deployment.apps/kuard   2/2     2            2           13m

   NAME                              DESIRED   CURRENT   READY   AGE             
   replicaset.apps/kuard-7788d9bc5   2         2         2       13m
   ```
4. Switch to the member clusters to verify the service export has been created:
   
   ```shell

>    kubectl get serviceexport -n kuard-demo

Reviewer 2: Could you use commands like?

KUBECONFIG=member1 kubectl get serviceexport -n kuard-demo

   ```

   The output is similar to:
   ```console
   NAME    IS-VALID   IS-CONFLICTED   AGE
   kuard   True       False           13m
   ```
   The service is valid for export (`IS-VALID` field is true) and has no conflicts with other exports (`IS-CONFLICT` is false).

### 3. Expose fleet-wide endpoints from exported services with a multi-cluster service

1. Switch to `aks-member-1` context to create a multi-cluster service. The endpoints will then be exposed with a L4 load balancer using `aks-member-1` nodes.

   ```shell

>    kubectl apply -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Azure/AKS/master/examples/fleet/kuard/kuard-mcs.yaml

Reviewer 2: KUBECONFIG=member1 kubectl apply -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Azure/AKS/master/examples/fleet/kuard/kuard-mcs.yaml

Reviewer 2: It is pretty difficult to remember to switch between hub and member. Use commands like this will make it more explicit regarding which clusters we are working on.

   ```
2. Verify the mutli-cluster service is valid:

    ```shell

>    kubectl get mcs -n kuard-demo

Reviewer 2: KUBECONFIG=member1 kubectl get mcs -n kuard-demo

   ```

   The output is similar to:

   ```console
   NAME    SERVICE-IMPORT   EXTERNAL-IP   IS-VALID   AGE
   kuard   kuard            20.253.64.1    True       26s
   ```
3. Access the running service:

   ```shell
   curl 20.253.64.1:8080
   ```
   Or access the http://20.253.64.1:8080 in the browser.

   The request will randomly hit different pods.

> Congratulations, you have created your first multi-cluster service using Fleet resource placement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Congratulations, you have created your first multi-cluster service using Azure fleet management.

```
